bpo-34788: Add support for scoped IPv6 addresses (#13772)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2019-07-17-08-26-14.bpo-34788.pwV1OK.rst

> Add support for scoped IPv6 addresses to `ipaddress <https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/master/Lib/ipaddress.py>`_. Patch by Oleksandr Pavliuk.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for scoped IPv6 addresses to :mod:`ipaddress`. Patch by Oleksandr 
Pavliuk.
```
